Auto reg (#91)
PradeepKiruvale/thin-edge.io: docs/src/references/mappers/auto_registration.md

# Auto Registration of an entity

Before any data messages from an entity can be processed, the entity has to be registered first.
The entity can be registered either explicitly or implicitly (Auto registration).

> In `auto-registration`, the registration does not need a separate registration message, but the registration message will be derived from the first message that is sent by that entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With auto-registration, an entity does not need to explicitly send a registration message,
and the registration is done automatically by the mapper on receipt of the first message from that entity.
But, auto-registration is allowed only when the entity follows the default topic scheme: `te/device/<device-id>/service/<service-id>`.
```

> For example, sending a measurement message to te/device/child1///m/temperature, will result in the auto-registration of the entity with topic id: device/child1// and the auto-generated external id: <main-device-id>:device:child1, derived from the topic id. Similarly, a measurement message on te/device/child1/service/my-service/m/temperature, results in the auto-registration of both the device entity: device/child1// and the service entity: device/child1/service/my-service with their respective auto-generated external IDs, in that order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, sending a measurement message to `te/device/child1///m/temperature` will result in the auto-registration of the device entity with topic id: `device/child1//` and the auto-generated external id: `<main-device-id>:device:child1`, derived from the topic id.
Similarly, a measurement message on `te/device/child1/service/my-service/m/temperature` results in the auto-registration of both
the device entity: `device/child1//` and the service entity: `device/child1/service/my-service` with their respective auto-generated external IDs, in that order.
```
Splitting single-line paragraphs and long sentences + highlighting the topics and IDs.

> Pros:
> 
> No need to have a separate registration message for an entity.
> 
> Cons:
> 
> When the message is sent for an nested child device or a service, then the registration will be done under the child device not under the nested child device.
> Because the mapper can’t understand is it for the child device or for the nested child device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Pros:**

* No need to have a separate registration message for an entity.
   This would be ideal for simple devices where programming an additional registration logic is not possible ( e.g: simple sensors that can only generate telemetry messages).

**Cons:**

* Auto-registration of all entities is not possible in complex deployments with nested/hierarchical devices, as the parent of a nested child device can't be identified solely from its topic id (e.g: `te/device/nested-child//`).
The parent information must be provided explicitly using a registration message so that any nested child devices are not wrongly auto-registered as immediate child devices of the main device.
* Auto-registration results in the auto-generation of the device external id as well. If the user wants more control over it, then an explicit registration must be done.
```

> To address the above-mentioned issue, one can configure the registration to be explicit, by setting c8y.entity_store.auto_register. to false.
> Now to register an entity, one has to send an explicit registration message. Refer <here> https://thin-edge.github.io/thin-edge.io/references/mqtt-api/#entity-registration for more information about registration messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto-registration can be enabled/disabled based on the complexity of the deployment.
For simpler deployments with just a single level child devices, following the default topic sccheme,
auto-registration can be kept enabled.
For any complex deployments requiring external id customizations or with nested child devices,
auto-registration **must be disabled**.
```

> The auto-registration can be disabled using the tedge config command as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto-registration can be disabled using the following `tedge config` command:
```

```sh
sudo tedge config set c8y.entity_store.auto_register false
```

> :::note When the auto registration is disabled, and if the device is not already registered. Then the c8y-mapper will not forward the incoming telemetry/health-status messages to the c8y cloud. But, logs/publishes an error message on the te/errors topic telling the entity is not registered. :::
> The auto-registration can be enabled as below
> sudo tedge config set c8y.entity_store.auto_register true
> 
> :::note By default the auto-registration is enabled. :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auto-registration is enabled, by default.
When the auto registration is disabled, and if the device is not explicitly registered,
then the c8y-mapper will ignore all the data messages received from that device,
logging that error message on the `te/errors` topic indicating that the entity is not registered.
```
Instead of back-to-back notes, merging and rewording them.
